---
page_title: "umbrella_name Data Source - name"
description: |-
  The Passive DNS endpoint provides historical data from the Umbrella resolvers for domains, IPs, and other resource records.
---

# umbrella_name (Data Source)

The Passive DNS endpoint provides historical data from the Umbrella resolvers for domains, IPs, and other resource records.

## Example Usage


### Basic Usage

Basic usage of the name data source

```hcl
data "umbrella_name" "example" {
  # Add filter attributes here
  id = "12345"
}
```



## Schema

### Optional



### Optional



### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for this resource
- `pfs2` (List of String) The list of the co-occurring domains.
- `found` (Boolean) Specify whether the domain is co-occurring.
- `tb1` (List of Object) The list of domain name and score pairs where score is the number of client IP requests
to the site around the same time that the site is looked up.
- `dga_score` (Number) A domain generation algorithm (DGA) is used by malware to generate large lists of domain names.
This score is created based on the likeliness
of the domain name being generated by an algorithm
rather than a human. This algorithm is designed to identify domains which
have been created using an automated randomization
strategy, which is a common evasion technique in malware kits or botnets.
This score ranges from -100 (suspicious) to 0 (benign).
- `pagerank` (Number) A popularity score according to Google's PageRank algorithm.
- `geodiversity_normalized` (List of Number) The list of scores that represents the amount of queries for clients visiting the domain,
broken down by country.
- `tld_geodiversity` (List of Number) The list of scores that represent the top-level domain country code geodiversity as a percentage
of clients visiting the domain.
- `geoscore` (Number) A score that represents how far the different physical locations serving this name
are from each other.
- `threat_type` (String) The type of the known attack, such as botnet or APT. Returns an empty string if no known
threat associated with domain.
- `popularity` (Number) The number of unique client IPs visiting this site, relative to all
requests to all sites. A score of how many different client or unique IPs requested
to this domain compared to others.
- `geodiversity` (List of Number) The list of scores that represent the number of queries from clients visiting the domain, broken down by country.
- `entropy` (Number) The number of bits required to encode the domain name as a score. This score is used in conjunction with DGA and Perplexity.
- `asn_score` (Number) The ASN reputation score ranges from -100 to 0 where -100 is very suspicious.
- `prefix_score` (Number) The prefix ranks domains given their IP prefixes
(an IP prefix is the first three octets in an IP address)
and the reputation score of these prefixes. The scores range from -100 to 0 where -100 is
very suspicious.
- `rip_score` (Number) The RIP ranks domains given their IP addresses and the reputation score
of these IP addresses. The scores ranges from -100 to 0 where -100 is very suspicious.
- `attack` (String) The name of any known attacks associated with this domain.
Returns an empty string if no known threat associated with domain.
- `perplexity` (Number) A second score on the likeliness of the name to be algorithmically
generated, on a scale from 0 to 100. This score is used in conjunction with DGA.
- `securerank2` (Number) The suspicious rank for a domain that reviews base on the lookup behavior
of client IP for the domain.
Securerank is designed to identify hostnames requested by known infected
clients but never requested by clean clients,
assuming these domains are more likely to be bad.
Scores returned range from -100 (suspicious) to 100 (benign).
- `ks_test` (Number) A number that represents the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test on geodiversity.
Zero indicates that the client traffic matches what is expected for this top-level domain.



